Adds chapters on text encoding (#381)
amazon-ion/ion-docs: _books/ion-1-1/src/text/encoding.md

# Ion 1.1 Text Encoding

The Ion text encoding is a stream of UTF-8 encoded text.

> It is intended to be easy to read and write by humans in any text-based application.

Reviewer: I may be missing the distinction that the latter clause is making?

```suggestion
It is intended to be easy to read and write by humans.
```

Whitespace is insignificant and is only required where necessary to separate tokens, and C-style comments 

> (either block or in-line) are treated as whitespace (and are not part of the binary encoding).

Reviewer: Even though it's correct, I think mentioning the binary encoding here is potentially confusing.
```suggestion
Whitespace is insignificant and is only required where necessary to separate tokens.
C-style comments (either block or in-line) are treated as whitespace;
they are not part of the data model and implementations are not required to preserve them.
```

> A text Ion 1.1 stream begins with the Ion 1.1 [version marker](../todo.md) (`$ion_1_1`) followed by a series of

Reviewer 2: In the binary section I think I linked to the glossary for "Ion version marker". Do you think it needs its own page or section somewhere?

Author: I think we need a section that defines the semantics of an Ion stream. By that I mean a chapter that covers things like IVMs, system values vs user values, and `$ion_literal`.
